Hello! it's come to my attention that "AppleOfYourEye", or Lu/Luci, along with their friends(A main figure is RoyalTemptation), are slandering me. I have been accused of sending a message on their ata. This can easily be disproven by my I.P. It began with me noticing someone had blocked me. I messages their friend a crown and asked if they were talking to someone, which they said they were. I proceeded to see from my friend the person who blocked me slandered my ship in public. I asked the friend "can i please not be publicly insulted?" then me and my other friend got blocked and called ugly. not great of them, is it? well, apparently RoyalTemptation came up, spilling drama from months ago for the sake of stirring things up. I got upset, and AppleOfYourEye kept telling me it was just internet drama. No shit, but "RT" (shortened) was insane for bringing stuff up from a while ago. Well i told AppleOfYourEye the things RT has done, including lying about being 20+, DATING an adult while doing so, sending a minor nsfw art while acting like they were an adult, and being a hypocrite by being friends w a past darkshipper while disliking another person who was FRIENDS w the past darkshipper. AppleOfYourEye chose to spill lies to my friend, and then wrote up a fake message from "me" on ata. Mind you from the message it is clearly not how i talk. its a piss-poor attempt of slandering me. A past friend decided to tell them i "forced" him to do charlastor. Not even the day before my friend left me for those people i told him that i would be okay sitting as his ships (radioapple, radiostatic, etc). this too is an attempt to gain sympathy. multiple times this man, Elliot, has ruined my name because he cant fathom the idea that just because he forgives someone who made me cry yesterday doesnt mean I have to be fine and dandy.
